add the doc for nats-server system_account credentials (#15381)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/evnt-03-nats-server-system-events.md

---
title: Acquiring NATS server system account credentials
---
## Context

> Accessing certain resources in NATS requires [`system_account` privileges](https://docs.nats.io/running-a-nats-service/configuration/sys_accounts). Kyma will automatically generate a `system account` user via a Secret dubbed `eventing-nats-secret` in the `kyma-system` Namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing certain resources in NATS requires [`system_account` privileges](https://docs.nats.io/running-a-nats-service/configuration/sys_accounts). Kyma automatically generates a `system account` user using a Secret dubbed `eventing-nats-secret` in the `kyma-system` Namespace.
```

## Prerequisites

> None.

Reviewer: I guess users need to have a certain Kyma version installed? Or will this work in all versions?

## Procedure

> To acquire the cretentials run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To acquire the credentials, run the following command:
```

```bash
kubectl get secrets -n kyma-system eventing-nats-secret -oyaml | grep -e accountsJson | awk '{print $2}' | base64 -d | grep {user: | awk '{$1=$1};1' | awk '{print substr($0, 2, length($0) - 2)}'
```

### Result: 

> This will return the credentials for the `system account` user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You got the credentials for the `system account` user in the following format:
```

```bash
user: admin, password: <your password>
```
### Next steps:

> To access the NATS server with the [nats-cli tool](https://github.com/nats-io/natscli) you need to first forward its port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To access the NATS server with the [nats-cli tool](https://github.com/nats-io/natscli), forward its port:
```
Shorter + simpler ;)

> ```bash

Reviewer: need to add 3 blank spaces at the beginning to adjust the indentation because I added the step number.

```suggestion
   ```bash
```

> kubectl port-forward -n kyma-system svc/eventing-nats 4222

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl port-forward -n kyma-system svc/eventing-nats 4222
```

> ```

Reviewer: need to add 3 blanks here too, but it's rendered weirdly in the preview

```suggestion
   ```
```

> Now you can send your nats commands by passing the credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To send your NATS commands, pass the credentials:
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```bash
```

> nats server info --user admin --password <your password>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   nats server info --user admin --password <your password>
```

> ```

Reviewer: again, trying to add 3 blanks but it's rendered weirdly

```suggestion
   ```
```
